Correction in 'Relationship Builders' section (#14121)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/concepts.rst

*Moved in Airflow 2.0*

> ``chain`` and ``cross_downstream`` function provide easier ways to set relationships

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:func:`airflow.models.baseoperator.chain` and :func:`airflow.models.baseoperator..cross_downstream` function provide easier ways to set relationships
```
This will ensure easy access to the reference documentation. See: https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/domains.html#python-roles

between operators in specific situation.

> In Airflow 2.0 those two methods moved from ``airflow.utils.helpers`` to ``airflow.models.baseoperator``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. versionchanged:: 2.0.0
    Those two methods moved from ``airflow.utils.helpers`` to ``airflow.models.baseoperator``.
```
See: https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/directives.html#directive-versionadded

*Moved in Airflow 2.0*

:func:`airflow.models.baseoperator.chain` and :func:`airflow.models.baseoperator..cross_downstream` function provide easier ways to set relationships

> between operators in specific situation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
between tasks.
```
"in specific situation" doesn't really say anything.

.. versionchanged:: 2.0.0

>     Those two methods moved from ``airflow.utils.helpers`` to ``airflow.models.baseoperator``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    They have been moved from ``airflow.utils.helpers`` to ``airflow.models.baseoperator``.
```
